ViVi : I’m on my way to MV shooting site for [Everyday I Love You]!
ViVi : The roller rink…
ViVi : I’m going to The roller-skating rink
ViVi : I’m so nervous because it’ my first solo MV!
(ViVi has been hard at practice even in the car!)
ViVi : Here, the lyrics are different!
(And as always, the helper is HaSeul!)
HaSeul : This words overlap with that words
HaSeul : Another day... Hope you love me~
HaSeul : HaSeul isn’t wearing makeup. I don’t want to be on camera!
(ViVi is practicing her performance as if on the real stage!)
(Now she is practicing her dance moves!)
(#NoMakeUp HaSeul suddenly jumps on to the stage!)
HeeJin : Achoo, I’m so happy!
(Even though ViVi did well, she suddenly feels embarrassed…)
HeeJin : Yeah~ (She is) a celeb~ celeb!